README.md, before:

# Cron script for continuous Redshifting at arbitrary times

This is designed to work with Redshift: https://github.com/jonls/redshift

Uses `bc` for math, only other dependencies are `bash` and `redshift`
as mentioned above.

## Example crontab setup

I've set it up like this:

    cd
    mkdir bin
    cd bin
    ln -s <repo path>/redshift-continuous.sh

This will run it every 5 minutes. By default it will tween the screen temperature from 7-8am for dawn, and 9-10pm for dusk. You can change this by editing the 'case' block within the script.

    */5 * * * * /home/<username>/bin/redshift-continuous.sh >> /home/<username>/redshift-continuous.log 2>&1

## Example systemd.timer setup

For those of us stuck using `systemd` or like me too lazy to install a
cron replacement, this is how i make things work:

In `~/.config/systemd/user/redshift-continuous.service`:

    [Unit]
    Description=Continuously interpolate Redshift colour temperature
    
    [Service]
    Type=oneshot
    StandardOutput=syslog
    StandardError=syslog
    ExecStart=/home/USERNAME/bin/redshift-continuous.sh

In `~/.config/systemd/user/redshift-continuous.timer`:

    # Because of the filenames matching, no need to point explicitly to
    # the service file.
    [Unit]
    Description=Run redshift-continuous.service every 5 minutes
    
    [Timer]
    # Every 5 minutes:
    OnUnitActiveSec=5m
    
    [Install]
    WantedBy=timers.target

Now, run the following commands to make it all work:

```sh
systemctl --user daemon-reload
systemctl --user enable redshift-continuous.service
systemctl --user enable redshift-continuous.timer
```

This is equivalent to the crontab-style setup above.

Commit message:

Update README to mention new custom dawn/dusk feature

README.md, after:

  Note, the Redshift author has implemented a new feature for custom dawn/dusk times (https://github.com/jonls/redshift/pull/529), which will make this script obsolete.

# Cron script for continuous Redshifting at arbitrary times

This is designed to work with Redshift: https://github.com/jonls/redshift

Uses `bc` for math, only other dependencies are `bash` and `redshift`
as mentioned above.

## Example crontab setup

I've set it up like this:

    cd
    mkdir bin
    cd bin
    ln -s <repo path>/redshift-continuous.sh

This will run it every 5 minutes. By default it will tween the screen temperature from 7-8am for dawn, and 9-10pm for dusk. You can change this by editing the 'case' block within the script.

    */5 * * * * /home/<username>/bin/redshift-continuous.sh >> /home/<username>/redshift-continuous.log 2>&1

## Example systemd.timer setup

For those of us stuck using `systemd` or like me too lazy to install a
cron replacement, this is how i make things work:

In `~/.config/systemd/user/redshift-continuous.service`:

    [Unit]
    Description=Continuously interpolate Redshift colour temperature
    
    [Service]
    Type=oneshot
    StandardOutput=syslog
    StandardError=syslog
    ExecStart=/home/USERNAME/bin/redshift-continuous.sh

In `~/.config/systemd/user/redshift-continuous.timer`:

    # Because of the filenames matching, no need to point explicitly to
    # the service file.
    [Unit]
    Description=Run redshift-continuous.service every 5 minutes
    
    [Timer]
    # Every 5 minutes:
    OnUnitActiveSec=5m
    
    [Install]
    WantedBy=timers.target

Now, run the following commands to make it all work:

```sh
systemctl --user daemon-reload
systemctl --user enable redshift-continuous.service
systemctl --user enable redshift-continuous.timer
```

This is equivalent to the crontab-style setup above.
